Extend wice documentation (#290)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/wice_quick_start.rst

> The maximum walltime for any job on wICE regular nodes is 7 days (168 hours). Job requests with walltimes between 3 and 7 days are not allowed to run on big memory, interactive, GPU nodes.

Reviewer: Maybe this is also a good time to refine this sentence:

```suggestion
In general, the maximum walltime for wICE jobs is 3 days (72 hours). Only jobs submitted to the ``batch_long`` partition are allowed to have walltimes up to 7 days (168 hours), as illustrated below.
```

wICE cluster uses a different workload manager than Genius: Slurm instead of Torque+Moab. More information about converting pbs scripts and commands into Slurm can be found :ref:`here <Antwerp Slurm_convert_from_PBS>`

.. _submit to wice compute node:

Submit to a compute node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In these examples, the submission will be done from login nodes of the Genius cluster, therefore you need to always remember to specify the cluster you want to use.

To submit to a compute node you need to provide the required number of nodes and cores. For example to request 2 nodes with each 72 cores for 2 hours you can submit like this::

   $ sbatch --cluster=wice --nodes=2 --ntasks-per-node=72 --time=2:00:00  -A lp_myproject  myjobscript.slurm

Submit a long job to a compute node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To submit to a compute node a job longer than 3 days you need to request a separate partition:

::

   $ sbatch --cluster=wice --nodes=2 --ntasks-per-node=72 --time=6-16:00:00 --partition=batch_long -A lp_myproject  myjobscript.slurm

.. _submit to wice interactive node:

> Submit to an interactive partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit to the interactive partition
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The interactive nodes are located in a separate partition. The users are allowed to request a maximum of 8 cores for a maximum walltime of 16 hours. These nodes are intended for interactive use. Instead of submitting a job script, you open an interactive session on a compute node as follows:

::

   $ srun -n 1 -t 01:00:00 -A lp_myproject --partition=interactive --cluster=wice --pty bash -l

> If a GPU is necessary for the visualization process - it can be requested (max 1 GPU per max 8 cores and max 16 hours). The available GPU is a single A100, but split in 7 'virtual' GPU's. Additionally, X11 forwarding should be on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a GPU is necessary for the visualization process, it can be requested (max 1 GPU and 8 cores for at most 16 hours). The available GPU is a single A100 which has been split in 7 GPU instances (one of which will be allocated to your job). Additionally, X11 forwarding should be enabled:
```

::

   $ srun -N 1 -t 16:00:00 --ntasks-per-node=8 --gpus-per-node=1 -A lp_myproject -p interactive --cluster=wice --x11 --pty bash -l

.. note::

>    The interactive partition is intended for relatively lightweight interactive work, such as compiling software, running small preprocessing scripts, or visualization. This is the reason why the amount of resources you can get in a job is limited on the interactive partition. In case you must do heavy computational work in an interactive way, it is also possible to submit interactive jobs to the other partitions. Do note that in general it is recommended to run heavy computational work in a script which you run as a batch job (so without opening an interactive terminal on the compute node).

Reviewer: Could you also add that the interactive partition is suited for (small scale) debugging? And possibly also that larger-scale debugging / test runs (requiring e.g. more than 8 cores) then needs to be done on the other partitions? Some users have been wondering what's the wICE equivalent of the Genius debug nodes, and this would answer that question.
